well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so you know when we look around
and we look back we think it can't
happen here when we look at what's going
on in other countries it can't happen
here when we look at World War two it
can't happen here we feel that the
United States is somehow immune to all
of the horrible things that have gone on
in the wall when all historical evidence
points to the contrary but it's this
widely held belief that now we're more
civilized now we're better so I want to
read you a some social media posts real
quick and I'll explain why I'm reading
them here in a minute the original post
written in all capital letters because
of course is we live in a society where
homosexuals lectures on morals
transvestites lectures on human biology
baby colors lecture us on human rights
and socialists lectures on economics the
responds by giving the minority more
rights than the majority I hate to think
of the country my grandkids will live in
unless somehow we change and I think
that will take a revolution the original
poster the only way to change it would
be to kill the problem out I know it's
bad to say but without killing them out
there's no way to fix it
just some stupid bigots on Facebook
right that's all it is the problem is
this is the mayor of Carbon Hill Alabama
mark chambers kill him out that's how
you fix it it's a good final solution
there I guess it's insane anyway once he
was found out about this he did issue an
apology
well first he said that it wasn't his
then he said well it was his but I
thought it was private that doesn't make
it better and then he said they well you
know it's not really calling for because
that's only if there's a revolution and
then he releases this I would like to
make a public apology to my community I
and I alone am responsible for the
comment that was made it is not a
reflection of the Carbon Hill City
Council or any city personnel or
citizens although I believe my comment
was taken out of context and was not
targeting the LGBTQ community I know
that it was wrong to say anyone should
be killed I am truly sorry that I've
embarrassed our city I love this city
and while in office I have done
everything in my power to make this a
better place for our families there are
not enough words for me to express how
much a regret posting that comment I
hope very much our citizens and anyone
that was hurt by this comment can accept
my apology no no nobody wants your
apology they want your resignation
that's what they want
it's a government employee government
official elected official openly
publicly advocating for the mass murder
of people can't happen here right now as
far as you're out that it's only in a
revolution that doesn't make it better
generally even in revolutions mass
murder is frowned upon especially when
you're targeting people based on the
criteria you chose this is ridiculous
it's the fact that this person is an
office shouldn't surprise anybody who's
familiar with Alabama stand but it's
what it is that this this person has
power
this person has influence over law
enforcement in that area
I wonder how they treat minority groups
I wonder how they treat the LGBTQ
community you know that environment it's
fostered from the top and that's the top
that's the top the funny part about this
is that I found out about this not
through the news but because a 3% from
this area called a 3% err in Dothan now
for those that don't know three
percenters are far-right
constitutionalist when you hear the
media talked about the patriot movement
that's these guys so one from this area
called one in Dothan who am I talking
main guy from Dothan looks like a man
this guy he hates gay people I mean like
literally hates them and he doesn't know
what to did because from where he's
sitting this is a government employee
advocating for
people to be murdered this is obviously
somebody that would have used their
power so the idea mark chambers from
Carbon Hill that you would somehow lead
a revolution your your prospective
soldiers they think you're a threat they
see you as not a patriot because you're
not I'm assuming you took an oath to
support and defend the Constitution of
the United States I don't see a whole
lot of due process in this they don't
see you as a patriot they see you as a
fascist thug yeah you have embarrassed
your city and yes it is a reflection on
the City Council it is a reflection on
everybody that isn't calling for your
resignation it can't happen here right
the only way to make sure that that's
true is if you send the message that it
can't happen here and the only way to do
that right now is to remove this clown
from office the fact that the government
has not put pressure on it
the fact that none that there are no
wills churning already to remove this
person says everything you need to know
about the great state Alabama openly
mass murder kill the problem out
anyway
can't happen here right it's just a
thought y'all have a good night